hello how about very good friends and
welcome to what is still a
reaction video and today I will watch a video
What has happened to me or to my son?
past videos and well first I will see
a video that happened to me or that I sent
greetings to johnny and joel who are very
good friends who recommend me videos
this is basically an animation of
phases that he has done time on cinema and
Of course he is the same channel
I made an animation or something like that
I gave him the original video and the
channel he left in the description
with an original video and the channel that
he did sad iphone sinama then I'm going to
see how he says keep because he because the
game now in 321 from scratch runs video
already
already runs video first minute second
OK
Freddy
and laughter
even when
make another brief
bolt and bothered box and claims
I thought we have that pity that he wants
tell
or
walter fav
thanks to the box and do not do crazy
because it can not be
OK OK
today he hit him and there he left the hat
hence the teaser
for you told him to be good this is the
idea of ​​font cinema of how it is
that is strong and occurs when poker so
how much more or less poker did not and they were
Well, not fox, and he got upset because
He won front win or brake in the king of
all the exmo everyday
Then he got upset and wanted to hit him
freddy then there I leave the hat
he was left pulling the teaser and
has the idea of tie worked is a
something rather silly but good
basically in animations to do
laugh
so good guys but there are
liked this little video here in this
short video of how it would be for the
animatronic one day play poker or
be this poker game how would it be and
last then fox and he got angry he got angry
quite with freddy and that's where the
teaser why after fine uriz 3
everyone went to play poker and there from
so it happened
the truth very good then in video but
well this is one of the parts of the
video reactions I want to do I'm going to
do more videos reactions because I
have recommended more interesting videos
what good typhon cinema has done and other
more things but good as you want if you
you have a good video so that
make a life reaction as recent a
recent video and very good because I
You can leave your name in the comments
or if not for my facebook can send a
message on my facebook that is the
mortal voice thread there is in the
description there you can visit there is no
there you can send me the video
basically the name of the video and who
did
not the original video not copied because
there are many copies on youtube of several
things but good instead of that then
I leave you the original video the description
of tyson cinema and the channel and its channel
is that it is the respective creator to remedy
these two credits but with guys this
it has been all because this has been a video
very good reaction the truth of the video
it was very good but good guys from the
I like it if they want more video reactions
subscribe if you are new to the channel yo
I am read deadly gameplays wolves and more and
even in another video guys take care
much